# InvokeDynamic and MethodHandle examples

## MethodHandle Basic Samples
### lookup
Lookup object behavior

### insertArguments
insertArguments and bindTo.  Note that the returned MethodHandle's Type has fewer arguments.

### dropArguments
dropArguments.  Note that the returned MethodHandle's Type has more arguments.

### filterArguments
finterArguments can register a method handle which converts a parameter type of a method handle.

### filterReturnValue
finterReturnValue can register a method handle which converts a method handle's return value.

### asCollector
Simple MethodHandle type conversions

### foldArguments
foldArguments combines method handles.

### gwt
guardWithTest takes three method handles -- test, target and fallback and returns a method handle.  The returned method handle performs the test at invocation, then invoke target if the test was true, otherwise the fallback is invoked.

## Larger samples
Here are larger samples.  Thse use invokedynamic instruction.  The instruction is generated by asm bytecode manipulation library.

### const-switchpoint
A SwitchPoint example.  A switch point takes two MehtodHandle arguments -- target and fallback.   The target method handle is invoked until the SwitchPoint is invalidated.  This sample is based on asm-4.0_RC1 

### const-switchpoint-asm4
const-switchpoint which is based on asm-4.0

### icache
Using invokedynamic and guardWitTest, this sample shows a simple inline cache implementation.  This sample is based on asm-4.0_RC1

### icache-asm4
icache sample which is based on asm-4.0
